1. Anti-ad for adguard  
https://anti-ad.net/adguard.txt  
 
2. Anti-ad-Easylist  
https://anti-ad.net/easylist.txt  

3. OISD Big List  
https://big.oisd.nl  

4. EasyList  
https://easylist.to/easylist/easylist.txt  

5. EasyList — first-party servers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylist/master/easylist/easylist_adservers.txt  

6. EasyList — third-party servers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylist/master/easylist/easylist_thirdparty.txt  

7. EasyList Privacy  
https://easylist.to/easylist/easyprivacy.txt  

8. EasyList Privacy — trackingservers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylist/master/easyprivacy/easyprivacy_trackingservers.txt  

9. EasyPrivacy — third-party trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylist/master/easyprivacy/easyprivacy_thirdparty.txt  

10. EasyPrivacy — third-party international trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylist/master/easyprivacy/easyprivacy_thirdparty_international.txt  

11. Easylist Cookie List  
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-cookiemonster.txt  

12. EasyList China  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easylist/easylistchina/master/easylistchina.txt  

13. Adblock Warning Removal List  
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/antiadblockfilters.txt  

14. Fanboy's Annoyance List  
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-annoyance.txt  

15. Fanboy's Social Blocking List  
https://easylist.to/easylist/fanboy-social.txt  

16. Fanboy's Anti-thirdparty Fonts  
https://www.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-antifonts.txt  

17. Fanboy's Notifications Blocking List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Other%20domains%20versions/FanboyNotifications-LoadableInUBO.txt  

18. CJX's Annoyance List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cjx82630/cjxlist/master/cjx-annoyance.txt  

19. CJX's EasyList Lite  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cjx82630/cjxlist/master/cjxlist.txt  

20. CJX's uBlock list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cjx82630/cjxlist/master/cjx-ublock.txt  

21. uniartrisan's Adblock List Plus  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uniartisan/adblock_list/master/adblock_plus.txt  

22. uniartrisan's Privacy List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uniartisan/adblock_list/master/adblock_privacy.txt  

23. AdRules AdBlock List Plus  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Cats-Team/AdRules/main/adblock_plus.txt  

24. AdRules DNS List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Cats-Team/AdRules/main/dns.txt  

25. AdBlock DNS  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/217heidai/adblockfilters/main/rules/adblockdns.txt  

26. AdBlock Filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/217heidai/adblockfilters/main/rules/adblockfilters.txt  

27. GOODBYEADS  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/8680/GOODBYEADS/master/rules.txt  

28. GOODBYEADS-DNS  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/8680/GOODBYEADS/master/dns.txt  

29. GOODBYEADS-allow  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/8680/GOODBYEADS/master/allow.txt  

30. AWAvenue-Ads-Rule  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TG-Twilight/AWAvenue-Ads-Rule/main/AWAvenue-Ads-Rule.txt  

31. Bibaiji's ad-rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bibaiji/ad-rules/main/rule/ad-rules.txt  

32. uBlock filters  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt  

33. uBlock privacy filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/privacy.txt  

34. uBlock mobile filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-mobile.txt  

35. uBlock Badware risks filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/badware.txt  

36. uBlock Annoyances-Cookies filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances-cookies.txt  

37. uBlock Annoyances-others filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances-others.txt  

38. uBlock Resource abuse filters  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/resource-abuse.txt  

39. uBlock Unbreak filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/unbreak.txt  

40. AdGuard Base filter cryptominers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/cryptominers.txt  

41. AdGuard Exclusion rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardSDNSFilter/master/Filters/exclusions.txt  

42. AdGuard Exception rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardSDNSFilter/master/Filters/exceptions.txt  

43. AdGuardSDNSFilter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardSDNSFilter/master/Filters/rules.txt  

44. AdGuard Base filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_Base/filter.txt  

45. AdGuard Base filter — first-party servers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/adservers_firstparty.txt  

46. AdGuard Base filter — foreign servers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/foreign.txt  

47. AdGuard Mobile filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/adservers.txt  

48. AdGuard Tracking Protection filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt  

49. AdGuard Tracking Protection filter — first-party trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/tracking_servers_firstparty.txt  

50. AdGuard Tracking Protection filter — third-party trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/tracking_servers.txt  

51. AdGuard Tracking Protection filter — mobile trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/mobile.txt

52. AdGuard URL Tracking filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_17_TrackParam/filter.txt

53. AdGuard Social media filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt

54. AdGuard Annoyances filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt

55. AdGuard CNAME original trackers list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_original_trackers.txt

56. AdGuard CNAME disguised ads list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_ads.txt

57. AdGuard CNAME disguised clickthroughs list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_clickthroughs.txt

58. AdGuard CNAME disguised microsites list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_microsites.txt

59. AdGuard CNAME disguised trackers list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_trackers.txt

60. AdGuard CNAME disguised mail_trackers list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_mail_trackers.txt

61. AdGuard Chinese filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_224_Chinese/filter.txt

62. AdGuard DNS filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_15_DnsFilter/filter.txt

63. AdGuard for Android  
https://filters.adtidy.org/android/filters/11.txt

64. AdGuard for iOS  
https://filters.adtidy.org/ios/filters/11.txt

65. HyperADRules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lynricsy/HyperADRules/master/rules.txt

66. HyperADRules-DNS  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lynricsy/HyperADRules/master/dns.txt

67. HyperADRules-allow  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lynricsy/HyperADRules/master/allow.txt

68. TheBestAdrules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/guandasheng/adguardhome/main/rule/all.txt

69. xinggsf's rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xinggsf/Adblock-Plus-Rule/master/rule.txt

70. xinggsf's mv rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xinggsf/Adblock-Plus-Rule/master/mv.txt

71. superbigsteam rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/superbigsteam/adguardhomeguiz/main/rule/all.txt

72. adblock-nocoin-list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoshsadiq/adblock-nocoin-list/master/nocoin.txt

73. GoodbyeAds-AdBlock-Filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryn70/GoodbyeAds/master/Formats/GoodbyeAds-AdBlock-Filter.txt

74. GoodbyeAds-Ultra-AdBlock-Filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryn70/GoodbyeAds/master

75. Phishing URL Blocklist——AdGuard  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter-ag.txt

76. Phishing URL Blocklist——AdGuard Home  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter-agh.txt

77. Phishing URL Blocklist——uBlock Origin  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter.txt

78. Malicious URL Blocklist——AdGuard  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter-ag.txt

79. Malicious URL Blocklist——AdGuard Home  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter-agh.txt

80. Malicious URL Blocklist——uBlock Origin  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter.txt

81. Tracking JS Blocklist  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/tracking-filter.txt

82. Botnet IP Blocklist——AdGuard  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/botnet-filter-ag.txt

83. Botnet IP Blocklist——AdGuard Home  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/botnet-filter-agh.txt

84. Botnet IP Blocklist——uBlock Origin  
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/botnet-filter.txt

85. ABP filters  
https://easylist-msie.adblockplus.org/abp-filters-anti-cv.txt

86. adgk  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banbendalao/ADgk/master/ADgk.txt

87. yokoffing's Annoyance List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yokoffing/filterlists/main/annoyance_list.txt

88. yokoffing's Privacy Essentials  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yokoffing/filterlists/main/privacy_essentials.txt

89. Spam404's Adblock-list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Spam404/lists/master/adblock-list.txt

90. Brave-specific filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-lists/brave-specific.txt

91. Brave-ios-specific filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-lists/brave-ios-specific.txt

92. Brave-Android-specific filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-lists/brave-android-specific.txt

93. Brave-Firstparty filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-lists/brave-firstparty.txt

94. Brave-Firstparty-cname filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-lists/brave-firstparty-cname.txt

95. Brave-Unbreak filter  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-unbreak.txt

96. Filter unblocking search ads and self-promotions  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_10_Useful/filter.txt

97. Peter Lowe’s Ad and Tracking Server List  
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=adblockplus&showintro=0

98. Dandelion Sprout's Anti-Malware List (for AdGuard)  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareAdGuard.txt

99. Dandelion Sprout's Anti-Malware List (for Adblock Plus and AdBlock)  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareABP.txt

100. The Block List Project - Smart TV List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/smart-tv-ags.txt

101. The Block List Project - Ads List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/ads-ags.txt

102. The Block List Project - Basic Starter List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/basic-ags.txt

103. The Block List Project - Tracking List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/tracking-ags.txt

104. The Block List Project - Malware List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/malware-ags.txt

105. The Block List Project - Scam List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/scam-ags.txt

106. The Block List Project - Phishing List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/phishing-ags.txt

107. The Block List Project - Ransomware List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/ransomware-ags.txt

108. The Block List Project - Fraud List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/fraud-ags.txt

109. The Block List Project - Abuse List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/abuse-ags.txt

110. The Block List Project - Redirect List  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/adguard/redirect-ags.txt

111. Anti-Adblock Killer  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reek/anti-adblock-killer/master/anti-adblock-killer-filters.txt

112. Scam Blocklist (Adblock Plus)  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/durablenapkin/scamblocklist/master/adguard.txt

113. Smart-TV Blocklist for AdGuard Home  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/SmartTV-AGH.txt
